only hours after hamas's acceptance of a
ceasefire proposal Israeli tanks rolled
into Rafa this military video shows the
concrete border wall that separates the
city from Egypt the crossing here has
been gaza's Lifeline for international
Aid that's been trickling in since the
start of the war with Israel controlling
what goes in and out as the tanks
Advanced Israeli war planes hit homes
during the night and into Tuesday
morning
the Rafa Crossing is now under control
of the Israeli Defense Forces and is
currently closed for the movement of
goods and people in both directions this
morning is one of the darkest in this
7mth long
nightmare Israel says its bombing of
Gaza is limited but it's pushed up the
death toll among Palestinians by the day
dozens of people killed in less than 24
hours makeshift tents like this one are
all doctors have to work with all
hospitals in Gaza have been
bombed Israel's war cabinet under prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu unanimously
voted to continue military operations in
Rafa and it has issued more orders for
Palestinians east of the city to leave
to areas it's heavily bombed before
Israeli decisions that have push the
International Community to speak out
against any military action in Rafa
China China and France both permanent
members of the UN Security Council the
latest to join those calls and the EU
High representative Joseph Bell had this
to say the International Community the
US European Union member states
everybody asking Netanyahu not to attack
Rafa in spite of this warning and his
request attack is started yesterday
night I am afraid that this is going to
cause again a lot of casualties stop
exporting weapons Belgium called for an
immediate stop to weapons being exported
to Israel Egypt has also raised its
objections to Israel's bombing right on
its border where hundreds of a trucks
carrying desperately needed food clean
water and medication continue to line
its roads banned from entering Gaza
Israel's takeover The Crossing means
patience also can't go through and the
UN warns that it only has enough aid for
Gaza to last one day as it too has been
banned from getting through the RAF
Crossing s Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer